Jocelyn Corrales: Hi, Anthony.
Anthony Garcia: How are you
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm good, how about you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what we're going to do today is, oh, could you please take me first your name and your date of birth.
Anthony Garcia.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I got your chart.
Jocelyn Corrales: Any girls. See you.
Jocelyn Corrales: For a while,
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me refresh my beach
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, what 26 1984
Jocelyn Corrales: So what am I going to do today is that we're just going to have no just a chat. I'm going to interview you about your
Jocelyn Corrales: Day to day activities, day to day living, what you do, what does not work for you what works for you. With regards to your activities of daily living your mental health spiritual health, your social relationship and your financial needs.
Jocelyn Corrales: So with regards to basic or a day to day activities or basic activities such as
Jocelyn Corrales: Getting up early or waking up able to do, you know, take a bath or shower, brush your teeth.
Jocelyn Corrales: Eat on time doing chores sleeping on time. So could you further elaborate what you usually do in a day.
Anthony Garcia: So I usually get up in the morning.
Anthony Garcia: Pretty early. I would say about anywhere from 530 to six o'clock.
Anthony Garcia: Was pretty much every day.
Anthony Garcia: I don't really eat in the mornings, not usually. I have some time I have me know I'll have some like cereal or something but I usually have a cup of coffee.
Anthony Garcia: I'll start getting up, I'll take a shower and I'll get ready for work and then I'll head to work and I work pretty much all the day till five o'clock and some days we eat lunch. Some days with them.
Anthony Garcia: When I get home.
Anthony Garcia: We are either make dinner.
Anthony Garcia: Either sometimes go out to get it fast food.
Anthony Garcia: Or sometimes we just all just decide to just fix ourselves something
Anthony Garcia: Do it like that. And then I go to sleep and I pretty much do that every day except Sunday.
Anthony Garcia: I wake up in the morning, Sunday I make breakfast for everybody.
Anthony Garcia: start cleaning the house.
Anthony Garcia: Do yard where most of the times I do some work.
Anthony Garcia: And then I just relaxed, pretty good.
Anthony Garcia: Job, Sunday, Monday.
Jocelyn Corrales: So that is on Sundays eat lunch do yard or
Jocelyn Corrales: And some chores and rest on Sundays. Do you also work on Saturdays.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. So you work from Monday to Saturday.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that is around maybe let's say
Jocelyn Corrales: Eight o'clock in the morning until five o'clock in the afternoon.
Jocelyn Corrales: We're ready for work at 8am.
Jocelyn Corrales: To 5pm
Jocelyn Corrales: Monday to Saturday.
Jocelyn Corrales: eat dinner at home.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or take out Sunday is Rusty.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what time do you usually get up on Sundays.
Anthony Garcia: Sundays. I usually get up at
Anthony Garcia: 530 to 6am
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, it's still early in the morning.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what time do you should he go to sleep every day.
Anthony Garcia: 10 O'clock 10
Anthony Garcia: Latest I usually watch the 10 O'Clock News.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's good. That's good to hear that you have a
Jocelyn Corrales: Regular waking up and regular sleeping time and you're not having trouble sleeping.
Anthony Garcia: I do sometimes have trouble getting to sleep when I'm tapering the medication.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Anthony Garcia: Other than that, no.
Anthony Garcia: I'm stabilized on on a dose and then
Anthony Garcia: I'm sleeping I fall asleep easily I sleep throughout the night. Sometimes I gotta get up how these wants to use the bathroom, but I will go to sleep right away.
Or so.
Anthony Garcia: But when I'm tapering I have
Jocelyn Corrales: trouble sleeping.
And she
Anthony Garcia: My doctor, Dr. Gabriel prescribed me some Seroquel 25 milligrams. And when I take that
Anthony Garcia: I'm pretty much sleep within an hour.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and
Jocelyn Corrales: When you wake up. Do you still feel okay or do you still feel heavy after waking up when taking sleep medications.
Anthony Garcia: When I wake up in the morning. I'm a little bit of work right here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: I feel a little bit more. You like you said, heavy
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, but once I do get up and I hit that shower, which I
Anthony Garcia: Do. I'm pretty much up in a job.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. That's good to hear. So you're tapering what this. When does it happen. Does it happen every week or every two weeks, or every month your medication to tapering
Anthony Garcia: At the beginning, it was more often. But now I'm down to point five.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's good.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I don't even take a milligram
Anthony Garcia: So,
Anthony Garcia: Right now we're kind of slow and steady. I've been on this dose for at least about two books.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's good.
Anthony Garcia: Me and Dr. Gabriel decided that we're going to keep the price down this for like another couple weeks or so.
Anthony Garcia: And then we'll
Anthony Garcia: Try to do a point two five decrease
Anthony Garcia: And see how that goes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so it's not abrupt anymore. I like the first
Jocelyn Corrales: Initial doses that it's really have to be. Yeah, but so right now, you're not having any trouble sleeping nowadays because of your because you don't have tapering for this month.
Anthony Garcia: No, I have no sleep issues in the last, I would say, month and a half.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good to hear. And that's good that it's also working out for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: So do you exercise also every day.
Anthony Garcia: I exercise. I will say about
Anthony Garcia: Three to four days a week.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm three to four days a week at home.
Anthony Garcia: This is at home and sometimes at work. I work at a tire shop. There's times where I'll have a little bit of downtime.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I'll do something. They're awesome.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you do exercise. They're also just in case it's
Busy
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I like to stay. I like to stay active.
Anthony Garcia: Yes. Yeah, work and during downtime and stuff. This couple workers are still
Anthony Garcia: There are a lot of sit down.
Anthony Garcia: I'm not a person that likes to sit down. I can't. My body will that be
Anthony Garcia: Doing something so I always try to keep busy.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, it's like it makes you weak. If you're not doing anything. It makes you tired, you know,
Anthony Garcia: That too. And then I started like
Anthony Garcia: getting anxious and very anxious
Anthony Garcia: So if I sit down. I'll start getting that anxious feeling and I don't like it. So,
Anthony Garcia: I stay busy keeps me from thinking and stuff so
Anthony Garcia: It, it works and and if I if I am tired and I can't really do an activity now start feeling anxious and stuff.
Anthony Garcia: I've learned a lot of skills.
Anthony Garcia: Like that the box breathing and stuff like that from Glenn and it's been really helping me a lot in school.
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Jocelyn Corrales: You do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Box breathing when you are engine.
Anthony Garcia: Pretty much regularly. Now it's like part of my daily life. Now anytime I'm feeling a little bit of a vicious anytime I'm nervous. Anytime I'm just not feeling well, just
Anthony Garcia: On well Philly.
Anthony Garcia: And it just takes it all the way you know
Jocelyn Corrales: That's actually a relaxation technique and it actually does relaxing and it and it's good that it's working out for you.
Anthony Garcia: It's a good skill. I love it.
Anthony Garcia: It's what I use pretty much my go to
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you also tried listening to music, you know, he like nature sounds, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: I
Anthony Garcia: Sometimes it
Anthony Garcia: It's relaxing. Also, but it just
Anthony Garcia: Doesn't give me
Anthony Garcia: The full benefit. I think the relief I get
Anthony Garcia: The breathing.
Exercise.
Anthony Garcia: Slows my mind down also
Anthony Garcia: And then once my mind slows down.
Anthony Garcia: My hope it just relaxes.
I can just
Anthony Garcia: Go to sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: For me,
Jocelyn Corrales: So we do. Would you say that bright heart health has been very helpful to you. Your doctor your provider and your therapist has been very helpful in your therapy.
Oh, absolutely.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, are you okay
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you okay
Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: No worries, take your time. Take your time. No worries.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: Just
Jocelyn Corrales: Laid straight on the floor and sit down.
Jocelyn Corrales: And till it gets off.
Anthony Garcia: Oh,
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, I think she should do some more stretching
Jocelyn Corrales: It helps also
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, okay.
Anthony Garcia: Oh, goodness.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's very painful. I know.
Jocelyn Corrales: No, no, no. Just, just stay there to stay there. I can still hear you.
Anthony Garcia: Okay, I'm just gonna put you down more that way.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And can you put your
Jocelyn Corrales: legs straight, the one to test grumpy.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, it's I've got a straight like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, but if that's that we put it straight to that, you know, it will relax in a little while. Okay. Just take your time. No worries. I'm still writing here.
Okay.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I mean I don't get them every day. But I mean there's once in a while I'll get a especially from laying down in bed.
Anthony Garcia: If I go into a weird position. I could feel that tightness like happen.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, yeah.
Anthony Garcia: And then if I don't like move it right away or try to get out of that position right away.
Anthony Garcia: It'll just tighten up like a hardball back there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and it will take longer. If you're nervous, you're not able to manage it well.
Anthony Garcia: I haven't
Anthony Garcia: Like I told my doctor about it.
Anthony Garcia: He really didn't
Anthony Garcia: Address it. I haven't been able to find helpful. Right. I wonder if it's like a deficiency of vitamins or
Jocelyn Corrales: A have you
Jocelyn Corrales: When was the last blood work out.
Jocelyn Corrales: What love blood workup that you had
Anthony Garcia: It's been about two years.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe a year.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could mention it to your provider. Let me check. Who's your provider if it's Dr embryo or check
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, it's Dr. Bill, you could also mention it to doctor or brielle that you're having frequent
Jocelyn Corrales: Leg cramping or muscle cramping, if it's possible that it could be caused by, you know, some electrolyte imbalance.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or you know others stuffs, but you could also please mention it to dr brielle because IP. When's your next session with her. Oh, you have a group session with her on Tuesday. You could try mentioning it to her also
Jocelyn Corrales: So that she could also address it. Maybe she could order you some labs to do on Tuesday. Yes, and
Jocelyn Corrales: Make it a habit every day. So because you you've mentioned that you're working out. So before you try doing your exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do some stretching at least maybe five to 10 minutes of stretching me maybe longer time of stretching instead of, you know, sometimes there's, there are some people when they do exercise, they immediately start with a workout.
Jocelyn Corrales: In your case, do not start with a workouts start it with a stretching first about five to 15 minutes of stretching before you do your regular work out to prevent the occurrence of muscle cramping.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, for a while I'll include that in the plan so that I won't forget later when I'm going to
Jocelyn Corrales: mention it to you.
Jocelyn Corrales: So, do you also have it up to work when you go to work. You also experienced muscle cramping.
Anthony Garcia: For
Anthony Garcia: This as well get like a slight tightness.
Anthony Garcia: Over it will fully do like that.
Anthony Garcia: I'm having this happens more
Anthony Garcia: When I'm like more relaxed.
Jocelyn Corrales: When you're at home already
Anthony Garcia: Because it happens sometimes like when I'm laying down almost getting ready for bed if I
Anthony Garcia: Want a weird position even like my leg.
Anthony Garcia: This way or something.
Anthony Garcia: Oh, that'll happen, you know, and then I'll have
Anthony Garcia: That right away.
Anthony Garcia: It'll like contract a few times and then it just stays there.
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. It's like we're
Jocelyn Corrales: It's, it's really crazy, it's going to be very painful.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: So let's do this as a routine every night before you because you mentioned you you do exercise when you exercise you do the do exercise when you're at home after work.
Anthony Garcia: Pretty much. Usually when I get home.
Anthony Garcia: It'll be almost like right away.
Anthony Garcia: Routine and stuff because
Anthony Garcia: I like to take a shower.
Anthony Garcia: Shower after I get off work, work out and have a shower again because I
Jocelyn Corrales: OK, so maybe when you come home and before you start your routine exercise. Let's do stretching
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe 10 minutes of stretching especially leg stretching
Jocelyn Corrales: So that's just to minimize the accuracy and let's see if it works out for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Of course, I'm going to check on you and and the next month. And let's see if it works out for you. The stretching thing.
Jocelyn Corrales: And also update me if you know if you already had some blood tests to check out. Just in case to check on if there are any electrolyte imbalances, or something like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: that's causing your muscle cramping. So, you know, there are some so many reasons that it could cause it could, you know, sometimes be that or it could be, you know, just a little stretching
Jocelyn Corrales: So we regards to your spirit will sell. Do you consider yourself spiritual or religious
Anthony Garcia: And I'm a, I'm a Catholic so
Anthony Garcia: As far as I go to church and stuff. I don't really go to church.
Anthony Garcia: Every Sunday I do watch
Anthony Garcia: Morning, like a service. It's a Catholic
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Anthony Garcia: My surface the Santa Fe parish are right now.
Anthony Garcia: And then I read out of my Bible Catholic Bible
Anthony Garcia: I do that for like 30 minutes in the morning.
Anthony Garcia: I can't say that I do every Sunday, but I really do try to
Jocelyn Corrales: So you try to go to work at church. I mean,
Anthony Garcia: I don't go to church.
Anthony Garcia: And watch it on TV.
Okay.
Anthony Garcia: I don't go to the physical church ever
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Okay. You didn't go to church, but watch online services.
Anthony Garcia: Yes, it's not online. It's actually on TV.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, it's like a TV. TV service.
Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: On TV that they do 30 minute
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Anthony Garcia: Oh, Catholic service in the morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: TV services TV church services.
Jocelyn Corrales: Watch TV searcher
Jocelyn Corrales: Read the Bible.
Jocelyn Corrales: At times, but not always. And do you pray every day.
Anthony Garcia: I pray, pretty much every day. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Anthony Garcia: It's not, I don't really ask for anything. I just kind of give thanks for for the day, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Anthony Garcia: That's pretty much it.
Jocelyn Corrales: And, you know, and everything everyday blessings and that you're awake, you're able to wake up early in the morning, you have your family, you have kids.
Anthony Garcia: I do
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you involve your kids when you try to watch the TV, do you involve them. Also you encourage them to watch review.
Anthony Garcia: For the church. I do my eldest with this with me. She's 13 now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, wow.
She
Anthony Garcia: She kind of more doesn't
Anthony Garcia: It doesn't interest her at all.
Anthony Garcia: I still try to push it, but I don't force it.
Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: They have a. So that's your eldest your 13 year old. How old is the next child.
Anthony Garcia: She said,
Jocelyn Corrales: Seven. You could try your seven year old child so it becomes a habit for her also so so that it won't be difficult for you, involving her to join you know at least TV service.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah. The only thing is that I barely see her. She lives with their mom.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh,
Anthony Garcia: It's a situation where I don't get to see it very often but I didn't see it, though. Sometimes when I can.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And does your wife also watch TV video
Anthony Garcia: He doesn't live here. It's just me.
Anthony Garcia: And my dad.
Anthony Garcia: Okay, perfect.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you have a good relationship with your daughter.
Anthony Garcia: My daughter. Yes, very good relationship we try to spend as much time as we can. We laugh. We get Joe she can talk to me pretty much body.
Anthony Garcia: And yeah, I mean we really have a good relationship. I think
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. So you leave with your daughter. And your father. Ina whole
Jocelyn Corrales: And your daughter's mother. The 13 year old.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you in a good relationship with her mother, or no, or not, not being contact anymore.
Anthony Garcia: There's been a lot of legal things that happen throughout all these years.
Anthony Garcia: Made it really tough on me. I can't say that I hold a grudge or
And
Anthony Garcia: But as far as having a relationship.
Anthony Garcia: There's pretty much nothing there except
Anthony Garcia: For my daughter enough
Jocelyn Corrales: There's something wrong.
Anthony Garcia: With my daughter.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you try to be civil with your daughter's mother.
Anthony Garcia: Yes, as far as the last like three years. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And. No more fighting or anything, just being civil in your family does that yet, for the sake of your daughter.
Yes.
Anthony Garcia: Because when when things were happening. You don't realize that she's watching and
Anthony Garcia: She's there.
Anthony Garcia: And then it affects her
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Anthony Garcia: Once I know this.
Anthony Garcia: All that stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so you also tried to adjust for the sake of yes that's that's also a good thing. Although sometimes you just have to swallow your pride.
Jocelyn Corrales: And sometimes you know prayer helps you know try to ease your anger, you know, as you know, you're a Christian and you know it's better to forgive others.
Jocelyn Corrales: Even if they don't ask forgiveness. Try to forgive them in your heart. Although things are not forgotten. But, you know, try to forgive, at least.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least the easiest out your heart and you know it eases out the bitterness in your heart and at least
Jocelyn Corrales: You tried to be a better person at ease with this being a good example. So to your daughter that he sees that you're not fighting with her mom because she also goes with her mom right
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes, she misses her mom also and you know when you she sees that you're treating her mom right you know you're not fighting anymore. And you're that you're being good to to her mom. It would also affect her, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Herself her or her as a person. So with regards to your seven year old daughter, do you have a good relationship with her mom also
Anthony Garcia: A mother. Yes, we were still friends.
Anthony Garcia: We talk a lot. I see her a lot
Anthony Garcia: I do a lot of things, for I just got done yesterday, getting her air conditioner setup. So I said, well as learn. Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: But she's very busy.
Anthony Garcia: She's got two other kids.
Anthony Garcia: Also, and
Anthony Garcia: She has a life also so
Anthony Garcia: There's sometimes weeks, sometimes even a month right can see
Anthony Garcia: My daughter and
Anthony Garcia: I used to like get mad about it and
Anthony Garcia: Cause problems, I guess. But now that I've learned a lot.
Anthony Garcia: Glad I guess she's
Anthony Garcia: taught me a lot in the last two years.
Anthony Garcia: That it's things are getting better. I don't
Anthony Garcia: take things personally anymore. I don't let
Anthony Garcia: The everybody's out to get me all the time or Eastern hard me or hurt me. So once I learned that I things have been better relationships.
Anthony Garcia: With everybody else except I guess one person and then me and my dad all the
Anthony Garcia: Ads, but
Anthony Garcia: Has been there for me, you know,
Anthony Garcia: Yes.
Anthony Garcia: All the hard times and
Jocelyn Corrales: I've been in
Anthony Garcia: Prison before. So do that time he was there and
Anthony Garcia: Leave leave can live in the same house just if we get to stay kind of away from each other space and
Anthony Garcia: respect each other's privacy and stuff and
Anthony Garcia: things work out pretty well.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's with your father.
Anthony Garcia: That is with my father. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: But I think he does love you.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's why. Maybe you
Anthony Garcia: Can help me. I guess all
Jocelyn Corrales: And he never
Jocelyn Corrales: He never left you and he never, you know, so he never told you to get out of my house go leave somewhere or something like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: No.
Anthony Garcia: It was up to him, I would have never been able to leave here last time it was actually illegal thing that happened.
Anthony Garcia: Where I was
Anthony Garcia: You know, and I just moved back over here.
Anthony Garcia: Like during this program so
Anthony Garcia: I'm back here. Things are going well.
Anthony Garcia: I have my own space now.
Anthony Garcia: I just life is starting to get better, you know,
Anthony Garcia: Now that I'm on a lower dose also
Anthony Garcia: I'm able to like control my emotions better
Anthony Garcia: And not be angry. You know, I used to have. I've realized that throughout most of my life, whether I was sad.
Jocelyn Corrales: Happy or angry all the time was
Anthony Garcia: Go to anger, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like you have so
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like you have some anger issues or, you know, something like that before. But it's getting better now.
Anthony Garcia: The law, I can say is totally got
Anthony Garcia: To work if I put in and
Anthony Garcia: It's, it's actually made a very big difference.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your father is do I think your father is happy and very supportive of you.
Anthony Garcia: As far as right now. I think he's very
Anthony Garcia: Proud of
Anthony Garcia: What I've
Anthony Garcia: Accomplished and
Anthony Garcia: Yes, what I what I've done. I know he hasn't easily show it or or express it.
Anthony Garcia: But as far as him.
Anthony Garcia: still willing to to offer that
Anthony Garcia: I believe, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, there are actually some type of people, especially males know they're not that they're not that emotional as mothers.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, and mother emotion you know when mother when they see their kids doing something good. They're very expressive very vocal about it, but sometimes mostly fathers
Jocelyn Corrales: They are very quiet about it but you know deep inside. They're very proud of their children also there maybe they're not just that good enough of expressing it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried telling your dad you love him.
Anthony Garcia: I used to, but it to me and what he's
Anthony Garcia: Learned before that.
Anthony Garcia: It kind of makes him feel comfortable and stuff so
Jocelyn Corrales: I respect that. Yeah, it's
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, it's actually cheesy. It's like
Jocelyn Corrales: Why are you telling me that. So, something like that, it's you know i know i i can feel you. I know it's a male thing and the, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Males are not really that expressive, you know, they don't like you know hearing so so things like that. But, you know, although he doesn't like a, you know, trying to tell him once in a while or title at him feel that you love him, you know,
Anthony Garcia: I try to do that by I make them food a lot. I always make sure his bed and I will check on him. I'm always checking in his room.
Anthony Garcia: To make sure he's okay so
Anthony Garcia: I think that gives them a sense of that love that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Security, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or even if you don't tell him that that I love you, or you can only sell him because sometimes you know it's really good to him.
Jocelyn Corrales: I love you, Dad. So sometimes it feels, it feels weird. When I tell him that that always remember that I love you. Something like that. That would be better than telling him I love you, Dad.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, because there's times where, like,
Anthony Garcia: Like
Anthony Garcia: I guess it was a time where it was kind of more of a funeral for one of our family members and
Anthony Garcia: We're all there. And I remember giving my dad and I
Anthony Garcia: Were both like love you.
Anthony Garcia: Love you, son, and
Anthony Garcia: I think that was the only time we said that but
Anthony Garcia: I think it was like more comfortable because it was in that moment, it wasn't emotionally
Anthony Garcia: And we just kind of quick so
Jocelyn Corrales: And it all happens when there's Elisa funeral. You know, that's why I've been telling you that at least tell him. Do not tell him that because he doesn't want to hear that you're you telling him that data levy way to tell him that
Jocelyn Corrales: That always remember that I love you said that he would feel, you know, sometimes there is that, you know, when you tell someone that you love them or assure them that you love them. It always reminds them that
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh am loved by my center. He's always reminded that he's been loved, something like that, especially for especially for older people. Sometimes they want, you know, although detail, you know. Oh, stop telling me that, but deep inside. They want to hear that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Not every day, but maybe from time to time, just a gentle reminder that you tell him that you, you know, Dad always remember that I love you. Something like that.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, cuz my daughter, like when I go to give her a hug and
Anthony Garcia: A kiss on the forehead. She
Anthony Garcia: Gets all like he doesn't want to, you know, the
TV.
Anthony Garcia: To it.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it was like he's like
Anthony Garcia: Pushing back like at first you like just that's just the way
Anthony Garcia: To get into it and I think they know
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Yeah, I know. Yes. Teenagers are like that, especially now, she's a theme.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, but try to continue on doing that do not stop it because she will miss it, you know, or she might, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Grow up you know like if you try to avoid when she's telling you not to do it, you know, she will grow up that you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, daddy start hugging me anymore, something like that. So try to do it. Also from time to time. If you have been doing that as a habit continue on doing it, even if she doesn't like it you know
Jocelyn Corrales: I also do that to my daughter something she you know you know she sometimes screens in one stop that. But, you know, sometimes she would tell me, Mom, you're not hugging me anymore, you know,
Anthony Garcia: So it's like
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like they miss it, you know, although they cringe. They hate it in, you know, but you know later on they would like hugging them anymore. So something like that. So it's good to make it a habit. If they're used to it.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's normal. If they don't feel bad if they're like that you know you've been you've been a teenager once and you know how it feels.
Anthony Garcia: I do
Jocelyn Corrales: And sometimes she could be because she's already a teenager and they're already body changes hormonal changes hormonal surges and everything else she tends to be very
Jocelyn Corrales: Tends to get angry easily
Jocelyn Corrales: Had some mood swings and try to understand here. Yeah, try to understand her and explain to her.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, are you also into reading or not into reading
Anthony Garcia: Me, I read a lot
Jocelyn Corrales: You could also try reading about adolescence. You know what changes, they are going through so that you could also explain to her what she's going through so that you know she would understand
Jocelyn Corrales: And instead of rebelling. You know, sometimes teenagers, they tend to become rebellious because of you know the bodily changes that they have the physical changes that they have. So it's not only physical but also emotional and also hormonal
Jocelyn Corrales: So that's why they're very eerie to
Jocelyn Corrales: irritate to in, you know, gets angry easily. So try to talk to them and you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Read something about it so that he could explain to her that those changes are normal. But, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Always be yourself, you know, even if you are angry. Try not to be, you know, try to adjust to it. I understand what you're feeling so that you know she would be comforted. Instead of, you know, lashing out to her when she's angry also. So it's better to try to understand her also
Jocelyn Corrales: So you mentioned that you're working. So with regards to financial, are you able to provide your needs and able to pay your bills and you do managing of your bills. Yeah.
Okay, Amy.
Anthony Garcia: Is struggling, you know, I mean, everybody's struggling, it's, it's hard for everybody but
Jocelyn Corrales: Unfortunately no job.
Jocelyn Corrales: Still
Anthony Garcia: still able to work and I'm still able to provide
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, especially now because of the pandemic. It's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's good, it's a good thing that you're still working.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, and I'm a, I'm a tire person you know I managed to tire shopping and people need tires.
Anthony Garcia: Yes so much, you know, it's like, and it's helping them you know they need to go around. So I just feel like I was thinking about taking the time off in just kind of being safe and stuff. I was getting so many calls with people needing yes we decided
Jocelyn Corrales: To open up
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Why not instead because you know you cannot stay close because you know people also needs you. They also need you. They also need your services, try to protect yourself. We are mass
Jocelyn Corrales: wear a mask always yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: wear a mask always and every time you you know handle patience hold their money or hold anything that is not from you or not from the shop. Try to wash your hands from time to time.
Anthony Garcia: So you
Anthony Garcia: Stuck in my almost like a
Anthony Garcia: Disorder.
Jocelyn Corrales: I have to. Well, I don't care about the compulsive disorder.
Jocelyn Corrales: You just want to be safe, you know, just to be sure, because you're, you know, you come, you came from work and you come home and you don't want that disease coming home with you and affect your father and your daughter.
Yes.
Anthony Garcia: COPD.
Anthony Garcia: Like every
Day.
Anthony Garcia: If he was to get this disease jazz chances would be very slim, you know, and I
Anthony Garcia: I wouldn't know how to look. I don't know, like how I am it out by a blade myself and then I pride fall right back into square one. Again, and that
Anthony Garcia: Was why I do my best to keep safe.
Anthony Garcia: Yes, make sure everybody's taken care of, you know,
Anthony Garcia: We didn't affect all the time here.
Yes.
Anthony Garcia: We were mass inside the stores are in public.
Anthony Garcia: And my dad doesn't go out right
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I think it's better for your debt to stay in instead of going out, even if it's more just tell him that
Jocelyn Corrales: That you can just go to the backyard and walk around there. Walk around the house and go back inside this not go out of the house just reading the premises of the house. It's not safe, especially for older people.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So with regards to not working well for you. Could you tell me what's not working well for your activities of daily living.
Jocelyn Corrales: You've mentioned to me what's working out for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And maybe the cramping. Other than that.
Anthony Garcia: That's tolerable right now there's really nothing that's that bad, but I did we do have a friend right now who's homeless.
Anthony Garcia: And then he's
Anthony Garcia: Doesn't want to
Anthony Garcia: Like, do anything. And we're trying to help him. And it's just becoming like almost
Anthony Garcia: A HASSLE like a burden and
Anthony Garcia: Nobody wants to help them and it's like they're all like leaving it up to me.
Anthony Garcia: It's kind of stressful.
I guess.
Anthony Garcia: I have my own problems have my own life. I have a kid out of taking care of
Anthony Garcia: Trying to take care of a grown man.
Anthony Garcia: Uh huh, is more than I can handle and I'm
Anthony Garcia: Trying to let them know without hurting his feelings and what I am helping him still, I just can't do it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Says he wants me. Yes. Yes. Just let him just let him understand, you know, you also have your own life. And I think he also knows that you also went through some difficulties before and you're still, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You're still working on it just explained to him so that you won't get offended, but still continue on helping him as much as you can, but not
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, you, you, you have your daughter. And you also have your father. So you can, you know, serve all of them at the same time. So just just explain to him that you also have a family that you need to take care of and but you can also help you from time to time when he needs help something
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because if you focus all of your energy on him, you get tired and you are not even sure if he's also helping himself.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah. And then if I spent on managing him letting my daughter.
Anthony Garcia: My NFL and they need
Jocelyn Corrales: And yourself also
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, and that's what's important right now.
Anthony Garcia: It almost feels selfish, but
Anthony Garcia: It's not I
Jocelyn Corrales: Know that's really not. I don't think it's selfish.
Jocelyn Corrales: I don't think I'm selfish.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, that is a nice to feel that way like guilty when me that you know sometimes people have their problems and I can't get involved in that. And yeah, only
Anthony Garcia: Offer as much help as I have to offer.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, come on.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, just offer what you can offer to a person that needs help, but not all, because you also have your own problems.
Jocelyn Corrales: You have your doctor to say yes, you're like, you have your daughter to take care of you have your father to take care of you also have yourself to take care of all the him but you know
Jocelyn Corrales: You are also helping him in your own little ways or probably in big ways that is also helpful. So, that is also a good help in that. That doesn't mean you know nothing. It means something also
Jocelyn Corrales: That you are trying to help that is only up to him if he wants to help himself or not. Sometimes that's why you don't need to give in. Because if you give in your all and you neglect your daughter. You get they'd like your father and he doesn't do anything about himself, you lost it all.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: You mean Lucy, what was the point
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes, yes. It's like you, we said, you will get frustrated because you know you wasted all your energy to him and he doesn't want to help himself.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you've mentioned that you know he he he's dependent on you. He's not trying to wake up. He's trying to get up. He's not trying to get on his feet, try to just try to encourage him first, so that you know it's very hard to help someone who doesn't want to help himself to
Anthony Garcia: And then my cousin homes, the shop and he's also friends with this guy and
Anthony Garcia: He's actually letting him live in our tire shop.
Anthony Garcia: So at night on a, like a little hot so as soon as I get to work in the morning. This is the first person I see. And right away. He's expecting things, you know, like, Can you take me to the store. Can you do this, I need to do this.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you're also working less. He also help in the store in the time
Anthony Garcia: He does not happy at all. He sits there all day long.
Anthony Garcia: He's maybe he's not feeling good, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you know maybe you could ask, you know, you could talk about this with you and your cousin, because it's, you know, you would get mad if it's only you so
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could talk about that maybe he could help a little in the shop so that you know maybe he always feel style because he always sleeps.
Anthony Garcia: I just, I have to apply for Medicaid
Anthony Garcia: So,
Anthony Garcia: He's got medical insurance. We're trying to apply for him so you can get like maybe a voucher or something for a couple weeks at a motel well
Anthony Garcia: I've he does tree services and stuff. So like trees and change them down and I've helped them make signs and stuff. We put them up.
Anthony Garcia: It's just like with somebody calls and step aside almost where he's trying to ignore it. And I told him earlier that I can help you a little bit but
Anthony Garcia: You're a grown man.
Anthony Garcia: You need to figure it out yourself.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, because that's what
Anthony Garcia: I had to do you know
Anthony Garcia: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: I couldn't rely on everybody. He could not stand up if you keep feeding him things he could not stand up on his own.
Jocelyn Corrales: He will become very dependent on everyone. If he did that, you know, if you keep on feeding. It's like, you cannot, you cannot always feed. Amen. You know, teach him how to fish so that he will also learn how to
Jocelyn Corrales: Get up there because
Jocelyn Corrales: He wants to be able to help him. So, you know, you can't help him if he's not able to help himself. It's, you know, your help your help towards him. Your cousin's help towards him would not be very helpful if he himself doesn't know how to help himself.
Anthony Garcia: And it seems like he gets angry.
Anthony Garcia: When we can't, you know, and
Jocelyn Corrales: You know that's that's always part of the process. You know when you you you think about the acceptance process before he's able to accept his he's in. He's still in the angry stage.
Anthony Garcia: Reason I give them the benefit of the doubt.
Anthony Garcia: He's been
Jocelyn Corrales: Still in the anger stage and he's still not into acceptance, he's, he hasn't accepted the fact that he's already homeless or he's already in that situation, sometimes
Jocelyn Corrales: It takes time. He has to be in that, you know, once he is able to accept that he's already in that stage, you know, he could at least slowly get up. But if it's still on the anger stage, you know, you could at least help him realize that, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: This is very difficult. I know and i know i think it's very stressful to you, but try to hang on it, you know.
Jocelyn Corrales: Always think about your daughter. Think about your dad think your daughter and your dad as your inspiration, pray for your friend also not only for yourself. I know.
Jocelyn Corrales: I know you feel very blessed because you have your family, but he has no one else he doesn't have a family because no family is helping him but
Jocelyn Corrales: All these friends are helping him. So, be grateful to the Lord, that you are, you have a family that you could always go to, but he doesn't have one so also pray for your friend, but no.
Jocelyn Corrales: Try to help him emotionally not only
Jocelyn Corrales: Not only feed him, you know, not only give him so many things if he's angry just accept the fact that he's angry. You know, you could not please everyone. You don't need to please him everything you
Anthony Garcia: Need to give him and I'm trying to teach of things that I've learned
Anthony Garcia: And I know right now is that that angry stage. So everything I'm telling him.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like coming here and getting out of the other
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, but one one day I'm going to keep cuz I'm going to keep on doing it.
Anthony Garcia: And one day it'll get stuck in there.
Anthony Garcia: And when it does it. Hopefully it'll help
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, it will it will, you know, always remind him of that.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's good that you're trying to help out your friend.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I find it, but I don't know.
Anthony Garcia: Where I feel better about myself. Also,
Anthony Garcia: When I know that
Anthony Garcia: I have the ability to help somebody
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, without it hurting myself, you know, without it.
Anthony Garcia: affecting me financially mostly physically. I can do this now and
Anthony Garcia: I'm very proud of myself.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, yeah. Because you know you you could see that you're a better person now than you were before, because you are able to help someone without you getting very anxious very mad or anything else, you know,
Anthony Garcia: Or expecting something in return.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, these didn't expect something in return, because you know for a while, someone's trying to call me.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm dropping the call. It's my ad calling me. And in a way, she's calling me
Jocelyn Corrales: As this call her later to worry about her. Okay. So with regards to your spiritual self you you mentioned that you're not going to church and I think maybe you should try
Jocelyn Corrales: For a while,
Anthony Garcia: If I can definitely fit it into my schedule because my schedule.
Anthony Garcia: I'm not going to say, I have the busiest schedule.
Jocelyn Corrales: And then, but
Anthony Garcia: I might be able to put an hour in
Anthony Garcia: But
Anthony Garcia: Right now.
Anthony Garcia: This, this is just like it's hard it's gonna be hard to fit it in because Sunday is very fast.
Anthony Garcia: Fast day trying to fit everything in that one day.
Jocelyn Corrales: What does your dad do on a Sunday. She doesn't have school right now. Right.
Anthony Garcia: No, no school, but there is online.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, do you have online.
Anthony Garcia: Online.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: I heard it also from other patients, they have online school here or there.
Anthony Garcia: I am keeping up with that like keeping track of work.
Jocelyn Corrales: On the weekend.
Anthony Garcia: I give her a break.
Anthony Garcia: Just like regular school
Anthony Garcia: So Saturday and Sunday. She doesn't have to do work unless you unless she's missing work.
Anthony Garcia: If she hasn't turned in the work that was do already late work Saturday and Sunday.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, to make up for it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, okay.
Anthony Garcia: Rather than that because she's pretty much on it. She's on the weekends.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And social relationships you have friends right
Me.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I got a lot of friends and
Anthony Garcia: As far as like doing things with them now.
Anthony Garcia: I haven't really been out. I've been focused more on
Anthony Garcia: This type of stuff, I guess.
Anthony Garcia: I do sometimes go out, you know, hang out at shop like on a on a Sunday, if I'm not doing anything. We'll go socially sit down was hanging out wash our clothes talk
Anthony Garcia: That's about it. As far as like going out at night and stuff. I never do that anymore.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're worried because through relationship, you're still working out and having a better relationship with your daughters mothers.
Anthony Garcia: Um, one of them. I'm already doing well so
Anthony Garcia: And I don't
Anthony Garcia: I'm not trying to
Anthony Garcia: Like
Anthony Garcia: Get back with or anything is
Anthony Garcia: Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm just trying to working working things out for the kids.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, and then
Jocelyn Corrales: That kind of relationship, you know, that's the kind of relationship. I mean, just like our friend relationship, a healthy relationship not necessarily getting back together relationship that's, you know, being friendly and working out things for the sake of your daughter Stephanie.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, because when I do see her. It's just, it's great. I mean, it's like one of the best things I could always do. And it's not just her because a lot of times, her sisters who aren't related to me at all.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Anthony Garcia: They want to come with me too, and
Anthony Garcia: We have, we all have a great time and then
Anthony Garcia: 30 year old daughter, because
Anthony Garcia: The other ones are 12 and 11 and
Anthony Garcia: We'll all do something together.
Anthony Garcia: All four of us.
Anthony Garcia: Were kids and me and
Anthony Garcia: We'll have a blast. And we do a lot of things together.
Anthony Garcia: These things
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you do that on a weekly basis before
Anthony Garcia: Maybe after every Sunday.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Maybe when the pandemic is over. I hope it would be over soon. Maybe you could do that as a regular thing you know bonding with your
Jocelyn Corrales: younger daughter and your elder daughter and, you know, the youngest daughter's mother and kids because you mentioned that they like you know hanging out with each other.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, we always go to things and it says fun
Anthony Garcia: We don't need nobody out
Anthony Garcia: Yes, they really show a lot of love to me also just like
Anthony Garcia: You could, you could tell that it's real, it's, it's not like they tried to do it every bill when they're mad at me, they show it, but
Anthony Garcia: You can just tell that they all care about needs just nice to have that many people care about you, you know,
Anthony Garcia: There's no history.
Anthony Garcia: I should have realized that before China to take advantage of it and
Anthony Garcia: Now things are just starting to be better.
Anthony Garcia: learning a lot of things.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and it's better to give rather than, you know, and when you give do not expect something in return, you know, at least.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do it because you love it, do it because you like it did because everybody's having fun and you're having fun and you feel good.
Jocelyn Corrales: But try not to expect something in return, so that it won't hurt you in the end. But, you know, as you see, you also received some love from them. And that's also a good, that's a good thing already that you receive a little you know love from them or little
Jocelyn Corrales: The appreciate and they like you know hanging out with you with your kids in me. That's good. That's a good thing to do.
Anthony Garcia: And and I used to be afraid to to say no, I need time for myself and now I'm doing that I'm able to take time for myself and do things for myself, buy things for myself and not feel bad about it and
Anthony Garcia: I do that once in a while to
Anthony Garcia: I've learned that with when also like you said earlier, I gotta remember my dad would always gotta remember self.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Do not forget
Anthony Garcia: Doing that.
Anthony Garcia: And it's that's been really working for me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because sometimes when you think about other people, you know, you tend to the neck about yourself. So, always, always, don't forget about yourself. No, it's, it's not bad, thinking about other people, especially if they're a family, but always think about yourself and take care of yourself first.
Jocelyn Corrales: So let me share my screen to you so that you'll be able to see and some plans that I had
Jocelyn Corrales: Just I'll just edit this later because I placed everything here and what's working well.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I'll just gonna change it later because with regards to some other areas there are no problems with your spiritual self. You just need to, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You've mentioned that you're going, you're attending TV services, but not regularly, maybe we do it on a regular basis. Instead of, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing it sometimes maybe doing it every Sunday for the sunday service. I didn't do it there, but I put it here on the
Jocelyn Corrales: Continue with the Sunday TV services.
Jocelyn Corrales: continue attending
Jocelyn Corrales: Read this Sunday TV services.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'll just rephrase its leader on on a regular
Jocelyn Corrales: Basis and continue on with your reading you know Bible you read your emails. I have no problems, maybe read your exercise instead of doing it once in a while. Maybe you can do it every day. If you're not able to exercise at least do the stretching everybody
Okay.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I do want to try to get
Anthony Garcia: My routine, a little bit more consistent
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Because sometimes, especially if you're already very tired.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're not able to do exercise. Try to do at least stretching
Jocelyn Corrales: Before you go to bed.
Or
Jocelyn Corrales: Before you take a shower.
Jocelyn Corrales: And vinegars too sleepy, you have no problem sleeping able to sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: Early
Jocelyn Corrales: At around 10am it's good that you have a routine because you know you get to do a lot of things when you wake up early and you sleep early if you sleep early, you get up early.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because if you sleep late you also get up late and it's good if you wake up early, you, you're, you're able to do a lot of things.
Anthony Garcia: And more. Yeah. And then I get to get up and
Anthony Garcia: Have my coffee and
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, take that stuff. I don't try to be rushing to get to work.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried eating at least, at least you know you mentioned, you know, sometimes it's hard to cook in the morning, try to eat. Maybe snacks or sandwich every breakfast trainer to miss your request.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I'll put that here and try not to miss breakfast.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or you could make a sandwich with you and bring it with you to work so that you could eat there.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know snacking so that you won't feel hungry. So try not to miss breakfast. But are you able to eat lunch on time when you're at work.
Anthony Garcia: When we are able to eat lunch we use the do eat lunch on time like
Anthony Garcia: Around anywhere from 1230 to 130
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's good, that's good.
Anthony Garcia: We don't
Anthony Garcia: We don't do it every day. Some days are very busy and we're not able to
Jocelyn Corrales: You're not able to eat lunch.
Anthony Garcia: On Sundays. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: On some days. Some days in at work.
Anthony Garcia: Maybe Monday was a good day lunch period wasn't very busy and we're able to get lunch, but say that Tuesday was just so busy all day.
Anthony Garcia: We just we just couldn't have the time for, you know, that's so
Anthony Garcia: I mean it's not
Anthony Garcia: I can't say it's always Monday or it's all
Anthony Garcia: Day.
Anthony Garcia: It'd be any day.
Everyone
Anthony Garcia: Every week goes
Anthony Garcia: Sometimes not sometimes
Jocelyn Corrales: But you also try to eat after work, just in case you're done with anything there.
Anthony Garcia: After work I come home and where we didn't eat dinner, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Anthony Garcia: I don't know.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I think that's the reason why. Maybe you should try not to miss your breakfast, maybe bring try to eat a sandwich or cereal and or try to bring a sandwich with you. So that just in case you missed your lunch, you know, you're not that very hungry.
Jocelyn Corrales: So try not to miss your breakfast, because we lunch. I could not control it, because it depends on the on the crowd or and the customers that are coming in. So maybe I could just suggest, try not to miss breakfast.
Jocelyn Corrales: And continue attending the services on a regular basis. Did I miss anything, or do you want something included. I also included here bundling with kids and your ex kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: Axis children.
Jocelyn Corrales: Every Sunday.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe after the pandemic Breton math right now. Is she far away.
Anthony Garcia: No, no.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's
Anthony Garcia: A 20 minute drive
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good, that's good, that's good that's feasible. Maybe, maybe not. Now, oh, maybe you could try try know you have a zoom application, you could try zooming with your daughter.
Anthony Garcia: We actually tried. We haven't tried zoom yet because I don't know.
Anthony Garcia: But we tried to do the video calling and
Anthony Garcia: working there for a while, but for some reason.
Anthony Garcia: I don't know if it's my phone or her mom's phone
Anthony Garcia: Is not allowing us to do that so
Anthony Garcia: She does like to do the video.
Jocelyn Corrales: Chats yes let's include that here video chats because of the pandemic video calling
Jocelyn Corrales: Or chats.
Jocelyn Corrales: With his daughter younger daughter.
Jocelyn Corrales: So that your other daughter could also, you know, talk with your younger daughter.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: Have you, have you tried messenger
Jocelyn Corrales: Facebook Messenger, or that's what you what you've been doing before.
Anthony Garcia: We were actually doing it through. It was like video calling on the phone.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh yeah, if you're in a fight. If you're on.
Anthony Garcia: Camera sitting right there where you can be
Anthony Garcia: Over. Now, when we do it all says video call not available.
Oh,
Jocelyn Corrales: Does this your ex or your younger daughter has a messenger
Jocelyn Corrales: Basically
Anthony Garcia: Nothing.
Anthony Garcia: She uses like other older daughters phone. Sometimes when they let her and she
Anthony Garcia: Is the mom's phone
Anthony Garcia: My she'll answer, but
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could try setting up a zoom on her me. Yeah, maybe you could try setting up a zoom on her phone and you know
Jocelyn Corrales: I've asked her mom.
Anthony Garcia: She, she always tells me, she's gonna do it, and then
Anthony Garcia: She tells me, she's busy. She's to a later.
Anthony Garcia: If I keep trying to bother.
Anthony Garcia: I don't want this. She gets upset.
Anthony Garcia: So I'm just, I just kind of let it be. I guess the next time maybe
Anthony Garcia: I'm just
Anthony Garcia: Like just
Anthony Garcia: Like she pulls her for maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: Because if your daughter, if you're younger daughter has an iPad on her own. You could set up a zoom there just in case you know you just need. She just needs an Internet if they're if they have an Internet at home, she'll be able to date without a phone just an iPad is fine.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, they all have they all have their little things, but
Anthony Garcia: For some reason, I guess because she's still only seven
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, that doesn't want her to have her own
Anthony Garcia: Her own device yet.
Jocelyn Corrales: But she has
Jocelyn Corrales: She has SISTERS THERE RIGHT older sisters 12
Anthony Garcia: Yeah. And as they do that.
Anthony Garcia: Or use them sometimes but
Anthony Garcia: Our mom really doesn't want the video to be played unless she authorizes it or if she's there.
Anthony Garcia: She's very like
Anthony Garcia: peculiar about like that stuff. And it's, I understand, and I
Anthony Garcia: Mean I used to get mad about it. But now I've found out that I can't change her so I might as well.
Anthony Garcia: Just deal
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Anthony Garcia: I kind of just deal with it until they decide that it's looking do it. I'm just gonna continue to do, how I do it just color.
Anthony Garcia: Car sometimes because I've tried to get them to do the video chest on many times it's never worked there for a little loud.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Okay. Maybe some other time. I hope it works out. Maybe you know your daughter would always be looking for you sometime
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, she would also miss you and she would ask her, my mom, I want to talk to that. So maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: It will happen soon. So see, let's see. Let's, let's just wait and you know it's it's not on your end, it's on their end. But let's see. But I mean putting that one in the plan that
Jocelyn Corrales: You're doing video quality. If not, we you call them, maybe you can just chat with your daughter or your younger daughter.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's that would be enough. That would be good. So we just have a few bled and maybe if you could think something for our next meeting. Maybe you could think of something more that you want added
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, you could also add this on the next meeting that we see each other so usually
Jocelyn Corrales: The first meeting that we have is are usually longer but for the next time, I'm going to see it's going to be shorter probably 15 or 30 minutes, I'm just going to check on you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And, you know, if you want to, you know, longer, we could also chat about your life about your daughters in about your friend. How are you doing, and are you doing better, you know, something like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so let me see if I'm able, with about rebel with every 30 days. Let's say 6pm
Jocelyn Corrales: And the HH staff.
Jocelyn Corrales: For your support people beach staff family.
Jocelyn Corrales: And friends, okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me see if I'll be able to make you sign this because sometimes it works for other phones and sometimes it does not work for other phones.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me share this. Oh wait for a while.
Jocelyn Corrales: To share
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Can you see it. Let me see if I'll able to send you the remote
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you able to control the pen.
Anthony Garcia: Oh, yeah.
Anthony Garcia: Okay, I got
Anthony Garcia: Your sign my name.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, please sign
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, I see it now.
Jocelyn Corrales: And click Save.
Jocelyn Corrales: It does work for you, but some worse. No for some weird reason is this not work for some
Jocelyn Corrales: People
Jocelyn Corrales: You could
Anthony Garcia: You know where the stages.
Jocelyn Corrales: I could click
Jocelyn Corrales: The same is this okay I could click the Save button for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is that good the signature already scared.
Jocelyn Corrales: Key going to click the same for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. I think it's safe already. Let me check.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you click on. Can you see the Save button. Can you try clicking it if it works for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's just says waiting. But anyway, just in case, it won't work will know
Jocelyn Corrales: It's weird. It just stays like wait, let me check if if if I close this. If it, if it's safe.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, let me check if it's there. Okay, it's not. Can we do it again.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: But it's good that I see that you're able to control it, because for some reasons. There are some patients who are not able to do it. Maybe because of the phone. Some
Jocelyn Corrales: Because of the phone. Yeah, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, let me check. It works.
Jocelyn Corrales: It just says waiting, maybe pulse has some issues.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, it is saved already
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes I side to save already
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great. And your signature is here. It was great talking to you, Anthony. Maybe you have something else more to discuss, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: No, you're good.
Jocelyn Corrales: I had fun talking with you. It was great talking to you, and I hope to see you next month.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's going to be a monthly
Jocelyn Corrales: Thing or probably slept really exactly 30 days, but probably sometimes you could be extended for five these 35 days, but I'm you know going to see you again next month. I hope you're doing better and well and try not to forget about your stretching thing. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Before I
Anthony Garcia: Go to bed. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Even even if after you shower before you go to bed, try to do some little stretching
Anthony Garcia: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: It was it actually want you know you want perspire from stretching, you know, at home or at bed you tried to do some stretching. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Okay, thank you. Anthony. Have a great day and be safe, be safe, and I wish you well for you and your daughter. And your father also
Jocelyn Corrales: Have a great day. Bye.